>> ThePrimeagen: All right,
welcome to the course.
I hope everyone is excited.
This one is gonna be called
Dev Productivity 2, or
as the more cool name's gonna be,
my dev setup is better than yours.
And I think it is, and
I know a lot of people think that
there's many right ways to do things.
I think some ways are more
right than others, and
you're gonna see the way that
I think is the most is right.
All right, there you go.
That's really the intro.
Who am I?
Well, the name is ThePrimeagen, you
probably heard me say that once or twice.
I have two links here, and some odd reason
it says handcrafted memes and toilet.
And I noticed this yesterday, and
I just choose not to change that.
I think that that is a perfect
description of what happens, and
we're gonna keep that there.
All right fantastic the goal
today is to show you my approach
to a developer environment.
And so, as I like to say,
there isn't a right way, but
I think my way is pretty good.
I only have one thing in which I optimize,
which is productivity.
I do not really care to make
something look beautiful.
This is DHHS setup, which looks fantastic.
I mean it's beautiful.
It has little spaces.
It has little names up at
the top of all the files.
It looks really nice, but I don't
really care if something looks nice.
I really just want it to
be highly functional.
I don't spend any time making
something look or feel great.
I just want to be able to press a key
go where I want, have what I want,
as fast as possible, without searching.
I think searching is an anti-pattern.
If you have to use your eyeballs
to look at where you want to go,
you have fundamentally goofed
up your developer experience.
I can't tell you how many
people I see tabbing, but
they have like three to four
things they're tabbing in between.
So they're constantly doing that thing,
and then they miss it once and
go around the entire
cycle just to come back,
or they hit the shift tab
if they're feeling real.
Real good, like you just give up
the fight, find something better,
press one key, be where you want to be.
So there going to the midwit meme.
I call it a midwit, the people that just
wanna make their system really beautiful.
Because often what ends up
happening is that people spend so
much time configuring their system,
they actually turn into the meme itself.
Where they spend more time trying
to make it the best possible.
And the most beautiful trying out every
last new library, every last new them,
that they become the meme.
And I don't wanna be the meme, okay?
I just simply wanna live
an optimized life and that is it.
So, that is the purpose
of this entire course.
That is it there's nothing else.
A bit of a prerequisite everything that
I'm gonna be doing will be approached from
the Unix perspective for the most part.
We'll be doing a little bit of bash,
we'll be checking out some other
stuff like if you're on Windows.
It's not that I don't think
you can't dev on Windows.
It's just that I only use
it to play Space Marines or
World of Warcraft or something else.
I don't use it to actually do any
sort of development on and so
I have no idea how it works.
I'm sure it's great,
I just don't wanna do it.
And I hear neovim is terrible, fake.
I don't even play games.
I don't even play games, to tell you
the honest truth, I made that up so
I could feel like we're connecting with
each other, but that's not even true.
Anyways, so there we go.
That is the entire purpose of this course,
and I hope everybody's ready.